Abstract
-----------
How our brain encodes and represents auditory space remains an enigma, despite decades of intense research on the topic. Human psychophysical experiments have long suggested the importance of neuronal tuning toward the front of an individual, but existing data have been insufficient to support or contradict this claim because most animal experiments are performed under anesthesia. 
Using functional in vivo imaging in mice's auditory cortex (AC), a preponderance of frontal spatial tuning that was indeed suppressed by anesthesia is previously demonstrated. However, these data remain exceedingly difficult to interpret because there is no topographical representation of auditory space in the AC, whereby the specific location of an object can be read out from a corresponding location on the cortical surface. 
Various mathematical analyses can be used in this field, to obtain any patterns of the cooperative behavior of different sets of neurons in the auditory cortex of the brain. Therefore, the main aim of this project is to observe correlations between the single neuronal pairs and find a difference in their existence between anesthetized and awake states.
And indeed, basic methods of data analysis, as well as advanced methods of machine learning, indicate evident differences in the encoding of information in the brain. The different responses of neurons to different spatial stimuli, as well as the dependence of the reactions on the state (anesthetized/awake), are only some of the confirmed hypotheses. 
Due to the unexplored nature of this field, the project stays open for further research and development.
